this first question is from mr.
often via Twitter he says made
your hair it's grace thank you
he says it's something like Tony
stack sack reactor possible arc
reactor this is the thing this
chest
here's my take on it if you're
producing that much energy in
such a small place either his
chest or in some energy
generating place in his building
as much energy as that is you're
going to be creating heat
fundamental laws of
thermodynamics would indicate
this and that heat would melt
everything
vaporize everything one of the
great challenges of localizing
energy and then distributing it
where you need this is the big
challenge of of power plants
nucare up any kind of power .
they all need coolant and if
you're gonna make it we gotta
make it as it's being used
because it's really hard to
store without melting where you
store it so there's some laws of
thermodynamics acting against it
yeah that I but I'd like I love
it though and I love me some
Tony Stark because he's a
superhero with his ingenuity
right with his technology with
his technology you've got to
pick somebody I would pick him
as my favorite me Tommy to over
Batman to combat the both you
man they're both human yeah well
with use technological
exoskeleton XO
yeah yeah totally i think yeah I
think they're the most
appropriate to who we are
exactly i agree I agree